I'm by going back back to the bay mr.
Boone's made right I'll i do it tell you
let me go get the waters on replay
trying to break a record like a DJ
what's going on y'all should boy titty
kadem by but now head your team
y'all know I'm really not a 2k player at
all by any means but it's actually
pretty cool to see that I get some love
from 2k the 2k community has a chilling
2k what's going on man my dude Pluto
says me up a message he's sharing a bed
and what not and he says OMG so let's
find out what happens I say about to get
muscle down here this paint you did what
I say right let's see what happens and
then watch what Kyrie did Kyrie has been
like the player two months but watch
this to watch what he does get out of
here you know what I saw that I was like
what what it was like Kyrie in real life
he's been doing this thing and it just
hot it's just so happens to show up on
2k when it was just crazy to my dude
Pluto toe I appreciate you sharing that
item with me i was pretty legit like i
said i I didn't know is even getting
love like that for 2k cats like that
that watch 2k saying big you shut up to
the 2k community now it's time to get
into what we do best hash and chill team
putting people on hush mode remember
yesterday in my video I said giving
people this michael vick card is gonna
make this game weaker than it already is
and i'm glad i happen to play this clown
right here and I'm saying we gonna see
what he does left to right right to love
you already doing it right and you know
what it's working I can't even front you
know saying if it's not broke don't fix
it and you see on that last play I hate
when people run a screenplay and they
throw the ball down the field that joint
is so dumb as illegal I can't believe it
may be allowed
had to go there but forget all that
stuff man remember what I said me I call
some flat for some folks saying that
anything like the fact that I was
speaking on Michael Vick making this
game not Michael Vick people getting
that Michael Vick card is gonna make
this game we can write you're gonna see
look at this right here on the starting
eight rolling out to that left and the
right Accardo to your black area but I
don't got you now it's time for the
jabroni life you know day night he
bounces your bony like the sweatbox is
real f up over here trying to run him
down with my dude Davis and I'm holding
up so far right right here on this
Portland fabi it's a deep it I was right
there yo so right he'll this person go
he tries to run a little speed option
doesn't work second and go as Denard
Robinson falls forward but he doesn't
get into the end zone 30 goals he runs
the toss play nice hit by Clay Matthews
and then of course the sweatbox is real
it's not gonna work this time player go
ahead and catch that set it up said now
it's time for the hashtag fast-break
office to do what we do best as we got
onto the field and now that was another
thing I caught some flack about what
somebody saying that you know where ray
all you do is awesome and I'm like with
Angie I could swear I be throwing and
check this out though umberto right oh
yeah was his shoulder what are you do it
no how was this shoulder what do you do
it I need to know what you are doing out
here is this Shar Jackson is up doing
his day as he broke free broke a tackle
and got a couple no users in the process
like I server that's all folks who is
saying ray me Noah all you do with
awesome I like dams you're not gonna
sweat just flew you don't say like I
knew what you wanted to do and check
this out and my toe right now yowzers
shoulder what are you doin why did you
see rg3 gets it to the end though and
I'm not done day night I'm about this
trifling life it's time to check the
ball down to my do Darren Sproles get
into the end zone and get this two point
conversion and now we're gonna be all
right like I said I'm gonna sworn
anybody said while I do with option that
was a passing play Richard Sherman go
ahead look out for before you do one
time and I'm not done
oh wait oh oh this show me what do it
way to riches shower it out your head
folks with no users but what is this way
i could've sworn kassin all i do is the
larger box hey yo say are you free ran
into the endzone behind a passing plate
I can't call it I can't call these kind
of things and check this out though you
know I'm not done you know I'm not done
this isn't a this is an option but I
could have swore no this happens to be
no doz the solid what are you oh it who
are you do it I could have swore all our
runners option yes I coulda swore if I
didn't know any better i could have
sworn I was a passing plane you don't
save it what do I know you know I'm just
a man coveted in RV and right here watch
this man perfect it was perfect but rg3
overthrew it and here comes a setup for
all I do with option right so once my
boy Antonio Brown he gets his catch
right but watch this watch him he's on
your left side of your screen right
watch what I do I could swear all I do
is run option damn Gina if this ain't a
passing play and hold on I'm not done
watch this though a mite all right now
how is this sucks what are you doing
your ass cheeks way it's an about they
don't very sorry oh my goodness I
could've swore all I do is to a
damn Gina did I get in the indolent
option I don't think I did but you know
what it's okay mr. mighty calling you
and got no pancake mix you know it's
been real you know has been true i told
you at that car is what made this
community wagon already was hey what do
you want me to do though happy friday
happy friday to yell hey Chotu it's your
boy TDK and i'm now